<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [ResolvableTreePath][1]
-   [ResolvableTreeValues][2]
-   [ChangeEvent][3]
    -   [Properties][4]
-   [Tree][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [root][7]
    -   [get][8]
        -   [Parameters][9]
    -   [set][10]
        -   [Parameters][11]
    -   [delete][12]
        -   [Parameters][13]
    -   [merge][14]
        -   [Parameters][15]
    -   [toJSON][16]
    -   [toString][17]
-   [Tree#change][18]
-   [Node][19]
    -   [Parameters][20]
    -   [name][21]
    -   [value][22]
    -   [value][23]
        -   [Parameters][24]
    -   [parent][25]
    -   [children][26]
    -   [tree][27]
    -   [path][28]
    -   [get][29]
        -   [Parameters][30]
    -   [set][31]
        -   [Parameters][32]
    -   [delete][33]
        -   [Parameters][34]
    -   [toJSON][35]
    -   [toString][36]

## ResolvableTreePath

Resolvable tree path.

Type: ([String][37] \| [Array][38]&lt;[String][37]>)

## ResolvableTreeValues

Resolvable tree values.

Type: ([Object][39] \| [Array][38]&lt;\[[String][37], any]>)

## ChangeEvent

A change event.

Type: [Object][39]

### Properties

-   `path` **[String][37]** the path
-   `oldValue` **any** the old value
-   `newValue` **any** the new value

## Tree

**Extends EventEmitter**

A tree.

### Parameters

-   `values` **[ResolvableTreeValues][40]?** the node values

### root

The root node.

Type: [Node][41]

### get

Returns a node.

#### Parameters

-   `path` **[ResolvableTreePath][42]** the node path

Returns **[Node][41]** the node.

### set

Updates a node.

#### Parameters

-   `path` **[ResolvableTreePath][42]** the node path
-   `value` **any** the node value

Returns **[Tree][43]** the tree.

### delete

Deletes a node.

#### Parameters

-   `path` **[ResolvableTreePath][42]** the node path

Returns **[Boolean][44]** `true` if the node has been deleted, otherwise `false`.

### merge

Merges node values into the tree.

#### Parameters

-   `values` **[ResolvableTreeValues][40]** the node values

Returns **[Tree][43]** the tree.

### toJSON

Returns the JSON object.

Returns **[Object][39]** the JSON object.

### toString

Returns the identity.

Returns **[String][37]** the identity.

## Tree#change

A change event.

Type: [ChangeEvent][45]

## Node

A node.

### Parameters

-   `tree` **[Tree][43]** the tree
-   `path` **[String][37]** the path

### name

Gets the node name.

Type: [String][37]

### value

Gets the node value.

Type: any

### value

Sets the node value.

#### Parameters

-   `value` **any** the node value

### parent

Gets the parent node.

Type: [Node][41]?

### children

Gets the node childrens.

Type: [Map][46]&lt;[String][37], [Node][41]>

### tree

The tree.

Type: [Tree][43]

### path

The path.

Type: [String][37]

### get

Returns a relative node.

#### Parameters

-   `path` **ResolvablePath** the node path

Returns **[Node][41]** the node.

### set

Updates a relative node.

#### Parameters

-   `path` **ResolvablePath** the node path
-   `value` **any** the node value

Returns **[Node][41]** the node.

### delete

Deletes a relative node.

#### Parameters

-   `path` **ResolvablePath** the node path

Returns **[Boolean][44]** `true` if the node has been deleted, otherwise `false`.

### toJSON

Returns the JSON object.

Returns **[Object][39]** the JSON object.

### toString

Returns the identity.

Returns **[Object][39]** the identity.

[1]: #resolvabletreepath

[2]: #resolvabletreevalues

[3]: #changeevent

[4]: #properties

[5]: #tree

[6]: #parameters

[7]: #root

[8]: #get

[9]: #parameters-1

[10]: #set

[11]: #parameters-2

[12]: #delete

[13]: #parameters-3

[14]: #merge

[15]: #parameters-4

[16]: #tojson

[17]: #tostring

[18]: #treechange

[19]: #node

[20]: #parameters-5

[21]: #name

[22]: #value

[23]: #value-1

[24]: #parameters-6

[25]: #parent

[26]: #children

[27]: #tree-1

[28]: #path

[29]: #get-1

[30]: #parameters-7

[31]: #set-1

[32]: #parameters-8

[33]: #delete-1

[34]: #parameters-9

[35]: #tojson-1

[36]: #tostring-1

[37]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[38]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[39]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[40]: #resolvabletreevalues

[41]: #node

[42]: #resolvabletreepath

[43]: #tree

[44]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[45]: #changeevent

[46]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map
